Hi everyone, today we present a
another absolutely interesting gadget
a watch in high definition with one
resolution varies 1900 teeth and 1,080 in
full hd very robust rubber strap
and the dial is very very really
beautiful
the object certainly with a piece
high quality 6 infrared mounts for the
registration also at night and
with this practice you will be able to
record both video together 20
to audio that also separated audio
therefore also as an environmental spy and how
already mentioned before a registration also
broken a class led which are installed
in the lower part of the dial and the
dial the 8 GB device
storage then of space and one
internal memory is very simple
use as just a few clicks
to turn on the camera, here it is
here then once the jesi la started
registration with another only
cliche will flash three times and then yes
will shut off giving away the recordings
video has enough autonomy
important because it still manages to
register means in registration
continues up to an hour of footage and in
more and more the magazine and up to two three
hours of footage also another option
really interesting or the motion
detection so I could even leave it
at home in an area that yours
interest and he will record
automatically movies only
someone when someone comes into
room in an obviously anonymous way
no LEDs and no sound will remain
the watch completely off e
obviously also a working clock
so signs also is quietly
quietly the time the materials are
they are very robust and very good rowe
water resistant e
and allows you to make recordings
also very casually in
how much is designed precisely for
record correctly
holding it on the wrist the size and that
of or precisely a clock its people
normal for a man, certainly a piece
reggiano the sound is heard in the air by
much practiced within 5 5 6 meters
is a spy mainly used by the
in investigations but also for
record for sports recording and
then for any other use here
for other information to be able to watch
on the website www detective italia.it